Gary Young: Hi there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey, Gary.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I would.
Wade Brown: Hey, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, we've got Quorum.
Kostadis Roussos: Sweet.
Wade Brown: Gang's all here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey.
Kostadis Roussos: Yang is all there.
Kostadis Roussos: I created a summary this time.
Wade Brown: Did you actually post it this time?
Kostadis Roussos: I think so.
Kostadis Roussos: Did anybody see that funny video I shared?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I was having a… I sometimes, like, when I'm in a mood to, like.
Wade Brown: You're allowed to.
Gary Young: Oh, you mean the one about Fine?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: Yeah, yeah, that was great.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, a dragon defeated, a barb tempted, and a, barbarian's vengeance.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so what I really loved was how it interpreted you guys mocking me for my AI-generated sloth.
Wade Brown: I don't mock you. Only Mendenhall does, right?
Kostadis Roussos: It didn't really matter, I mean, it was funny. I know. Into…
Kostadis Roussos: One veteran fled muttering, and Sir Kalen said to reply so suspiciously polished, it practically had a PRT.
Kostadis Roussos: interpreted your mockery of the comment of the AI. It just caused me to die laughing.
Kostadis Roussos: Anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's go to roll 20.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the first and most important thing to do is you gain a level.
Wade Brown: Oh, dear.
Wade Brown: That's gonna slow me down.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I figure since we're partly all here, we can do that.
Wade Brown: Yeah…
Gary Young: Rapid.
Kostadis Roussos: to do that eventually, so I'd rather have everybody at the right level than, you know, somebody complaining that…
Kostadis Roussos: Is that fair?
Kostadis Roussos: Is that balanced?
Kostadis Roussos: Not the…
Wade Brown: David doesn't get to level his own character. You'll have to do it for him.
Wade Brown: I'll let him know.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll say that everybody but Bukroutine gained a level.
Wade Brown: Well, yeah, he didn't get any Fair Trade Organic Experience points.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Wade Brown: Oh, I can now do radiant damage. Well, that's fun.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So how does that work in, how do you level up.
Kostadis Roussos: You go into… if you go into D&D Beyond, and you go… you see you're gonna see your icon of your character, you're gonna see Manage… Manage, click on that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: It'll open up a sidebar on the right. On the right, there should be one as… one of them should say the word levels.
Wade Brown: And you could add another class that you like, right? But…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. You can do whatever you want.
Wade Brown: It's D&D, you can break the game. It's not that hard.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I thought that's what it was, but…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a lot easier than you think it would be.
Wade Brown: No, I… I… I fully believe that the game is just fundamentally broken, and that's fine.
Wade Brown: It's fun. It's, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Food.
Wade Brown: I just… I worry about… I worry about people who are, like, brag about, like, well, I broke it this way. I'm like, okay, dude, like, it's not a… you know, it's like saying I was able to, you know, dropkick a toddler, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, okay, I was confused by you bringing it up, because to me, like, breaking D&D isn't the stupidest, easy thing to do. Like, half your job as a GM is, like, to find out how your players broke the game through a series of cascading optimizations that you didn't follow along the way.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's no fire.
Kostadis Roussos: I… I enjoy it.
Wade Brown: I don't play that game.
Kostadis Roussos: I know you don't. We established you play that… huh.
Wade Brown: I'm a purist.
Wade Brown: I sent in…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I just got a screenshot of what I'm seeing, but I don't see the… How to level up.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, do… do you.
Wade Brown: It says Manage Character and Levels on the… on the right side panel.
Kostadis Roussos: On the c.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I thought that was taking me to the, to all the characters that I own, but no, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I see.
Wade Brown: Now let's manage this character at his levels.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Wade Brown: understand.
Gary Young: And that's good.
Gary Young: Can I ask a DM question?
Kostadis Roussos: Of course you may ask more… of course you may.
Gary Young: Roll 20.
Gary Young: I'm not sure that I can fully parse this text.
Kostadis Roussos: Which one?
Gary Young: I just pasted 3rd level piece domain feature.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on, so let me get to the, let me log into the game.
Gary Young: You know, what I will do is I'll just take a…
Kostadis Roussos: But no, it was fine, I just… I was… got futzing around, I got distracted.
Wade Brown: It turns them into a pack?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can add elemental damage to my weapon.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Kostadis Roussos: So what is your question?
Gary Young: So it says, you can use this
Gary Young: Feature a number of times equal to your proficiency bonus.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so it's 3 times a day. 3 times.
Gary Young: You can forge a bond 3 times a day.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: or you gain the D4.
Gary Young: Several times per day.
Wade Brown: It says… no, the D4 is once per turn, so you… I assume it's the bond can be formed 3 times a day.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, it's, it's, it's…
Gary Young: You can forge the bond three times a day, and then…
Gary Young: we could just add D4s to all of our rolls.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but they have to…
Gary Young: Wonderful.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you have to be at peace with each other.
Wade Brown: Not exactly…
Gary Young: Are you not at peace with each other?
Kostadis Roussos: I… I, I, I think… I… I think…
Kostadis Roussos: That's something the party's gonna have to decide.
Wade Brown: I'm pretty much at peace with the world.
Kostadis Roussos: So, first of all, Soma's at peace with… but Soma's at peace with everybody but the absolutist naturalists.
Wade Brown: Yeah, fuck it up, bro. Just, just…
Kostadis Roussos: And her, and her crew.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Gary Young: So…
Wade Brown: And then luxury.
Kostadis Roussos: this.
Gary Young: 6th level feature for this, too.
Gary Young: That's pretty good.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, with both of these, I don't… yeah, these are really good abilities. I don't… I don't think there's…
Wade Brown: I can just turn Barrett's swipes.
Kostadis Roussos: But I don't understand why you haven't used it so far, because the first one's a third level piece domain feature.
Gary Young: Because I forgot.
Wade Brown: Yeah, when you go look at the level builder, you're like, oh crap, I've had this?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, okay, yes. Yeah, so it's, essentially 3 times per day.
Kostadis Roussos: And you can only use the D4 once per turn.
Wade Brown: -Oh, cat's whining.
Gary Young: So, it's the… the party can use the D4 once per turn, or each character can use the D4 once per turn.
Kostadis Roussos: While any bonded creatures, the creature can roll.
Kostadis Roussos: So, any creature. Each creature can add the D4 no more than once per turn.
Wade Brown: It's really a reaction, almost, but… So…
Gary Young: It doesn't consume a reaction.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Gary Young: So it's like a, it's like a permanent always-on, but not quite as powerful, burdock inspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a bless. It's a variation of bless.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: And then the 6th level one is cool, because then… So, just to be clear.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a blessed boat.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a blessed spell.
Gary Young: Haha.
Gary Young: Sorry, Bobcat.
Wade Brown: fine.
Kostadis Roussos: We love cats.
Gary Young: So then.
Gary Young: Burberry.
Gary Young: Crewberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Gary Young: If you then see that 6th level feature, it basically lets you… anytime someone else is gonna take damage, you can teleport next to them and take the damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where's that?
Gary Young: It's in the Roll 20.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Begin forge a number in battle among people who are at peace with one another.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Fascination.
Gary Young: Or, you know, the bear can use it too, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: The what?
Gary Young: I guess the question is, like, who's the, who has more hit points available for tanking, I guess?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: the end, right?
Wade Brown: It might be me, though.
Wade Brown: Let me see…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: The 6th level one is actually more interesting. The first one is basically Bluffs. It's like, you get 3 extra spell castings of Bluss.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: Okay, well, it seems powerful to me.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it's not trivial, but… I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: I think we have to say canonically why you didn't use it. Like, you didn't use it because…
Gary Young: Oh, we gotta figure that out.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: We have to have a canonical reason why you didn't use it.
Gary Young: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: In some ways, it's kind of like when you discovered Thistle had the ability.
Gary Young: to shoot twice.
Kostadis Roussos: sitting around.
Wade Brown: You can shoot more than one arrow?
Gary Young: Bro!
Kostadis Roussos: Do we have to review all of your abilities?
Gary Young: Yeah, apparently. I'm playing, one-dimensional chess these days.
Wade Brown: You're playing checkers.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice. Works.
Wade Brown: Let's see… Have I seen an owlbear by chance?
Wade Brown: How con- they're not that common? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, I just haven't rolled up an owlbear. I mean, that could be a quest you could go on, go find an owlbear.
Wade Brown: I mean, it is going to be a…
Wade Brown: Let's see… Seasonal…
Wade Brown: Oh no, what challenge rating is an owl there?
Wade Brown: Oh, Challenge Rating 3, alright, yeah, I'm not there yet.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm gonna have to figure out where to track this stuff.
Wade Brown: Thank you.
Gary Young: Alright, can I make another DM across?
Kostadis Roussos: Of course! Dude, like, that's what I'm here for.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Go for it.
Gary Young: So my question is, how does this spell interact with our… Extraplanar, encounters, and as well as…
Gary Young: I'm gonna send it to the same destination…
Kostadis Roussos: Send it to the Roll20 app.
Gary Young: swap.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: After duration.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What's the question? How does it interact with planar?
Gary Young: How does it interact with our,
Gary Young: You know, like, our enemy people that are, twisted and…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so you're saying, like, how does it interact with the planar aberrations you've been encountering along the way?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: If they're outside of planar disruption, like, they just happen to be walking in the street, it works normally.
Gary Young: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: But if it's in the middle of a planar disruption.
Gary Young: Haha.
Kostadis Roussos: then I will, have to come up with some rules.
Gary Young: It also has a casting time of 1 minute, which is a little bit awkward.
Wade Brown: That is very awkward.
Gary Young: Yeah, I might not choose that, but yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh? I want that?
Kostadis Roussos: That's good for rituals.
Kostadis Roussos: If you need to protect yourselves.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna go into combat.
Gary Young: Because that is a ritual spell.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm just saying it's a spell that is useful if you're going to defend a location.
Kostadis Roussos: It's rather than.
Gary Young: Let's see… I don't think that spell has ritual on it.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it doesn't, it doesn't. It's useful if you're about to do a ritual. It's not a… it's a utility spell, is what I'm trying to say.
Kostadis Roussos: For example, if the party… if you needed to create a safe zone, and for a short rest, and you were being attacked by all these creatures, you could have the party try to defend an area for about a minute while you cast it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Or you can use it to imprison a creature as well, right? Because it says at the end you can use it in a reverse direction.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so if you want to capture a creature and question it, that's also a possibility.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Like a temporary jail.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: So, it has its uses, but it's not a in-the-middle-of-combat kind of thing. It's a…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a good candidate for a scroll.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So this is what my, D&D assistant is telling me.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Put it in Discord.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you do, would you put in Discord?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's the…
Gary Young: Answer from…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: my D&D assistant.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: LLM.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's trained on… DND5E moves.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: So Faye Plain, doesn't affect drought.
Kostadis Roussos: More elves.
Kostadis Roussos: or members of the Seeley and NCELI court.
Wade Brown: So, only me.
Kostadis Roussos: Why?
Wade Brown: Oh, well, because we've got a drow and a Sealy, right?
Wade Brown: I mean.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it doesn't affect… I'm saying, sorry, it doesn't affect you either, because you're also from the neutral plane. I'm just saying, fey creatures aren't affected.
Gary Young: I bet.
Wade Brown: Kitty.
Gary Young: I think I have picked my spell.
Gary Young: I'll show you…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I think, I think the cat disagrees.
Kostadis Roussos: Whatever spell you think you picked, it was the wrong one.
Gary Young: That one.
Gary Young: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: This one's a good spell.
Gary Young: Yeah, that's a lot of, .
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: healing.
Gary Young: A lot of point impact? What's a…
Gary Young: A lot of stats on that spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no, it's a good spell. It's particularly useful if the cleric is… on a cleric who's useless at combat.
Kostadis Roussos: But…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It kind of pushes…
Kostadis Roussos: And it creates that sort of dilemma. Do you do that, or, say, shield Guardians.
Gary Young: That's right.
Gary Young: But, you know, like, in some fights one, and other fights the other, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: like, Spirit Guardians does a lot more, has a lot more utility and a spell with… in a combat with multiple
Gary Young: Enemies.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not very useful if you're fighting a dragon who's flying.
Gary Young: For example, Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Does it… does it, so if you choose to restore hit points to one creature, does it count as an action, a bonus action, or no action at all?
Kostadis Roussos: Downs to the magic action, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Magic action, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You restore… when you create the order, and at the start of each of your turns, well, you… just… no, that doesn't say it consumes an action.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Gary Young: Yeah, I mean, the… when it's casted, it costs an action, but then past that, it's just concentration and free per turn.
Wade Brown: I have one more spell slot.
Wade Brown: Yeah, who can't turn down Rutherland's high? Why not?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, since you guys are… would appreciate the snark in this.
Kostadis Roussos: Especially Wade.
Wade Brown: I love snark.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's what I said, especially away. I was being snarky about it. We are now in the first wave of AI's intridification cycle. Claude has gone from having a PhD in your pocket to a bumbling intern while flat billing for enterprise users will now become usage-based.
Kostadis Roussos: Everyone knew the subsidies wouldn't last, but this is ending faster than expected. At least wait until the IPO.
Wade Brown: I'm mourning the death of Open Claw, that was really sad for me.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, when they went to the new billing team tier?
Wade Brown: Yeah, they gave me $120 in credit. I was like, we're sorry you can't do what you've been doing anymore, but here's $120. I'm like, I want to do what I was doing.
Wade Brown: It's alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I did find something that those of you who are rule lawyers would find fascinating.
Kostadis Roussos: Or people who like gaming systems in general.
Kostadis Roussos: See, I forgot that.
Wade Brown: Go on.
Kostadis Roussos: So, somebody decided to do something really insane, which is to basically get a formal model for the Dungeons & Dragons rules.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, eggs.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, computer science theoretical formal model.
Wade Brown: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, it, like, basically implements the full model.
Kostadis Roussos: And it can do, like, really crazy things.
Kostadis Roussos: As a result, like…
Kostadis Roussos: And so if you wanted to, like, see, like, like, it can answer very precise questions about the rules.
Kostadis Roussos: And like… and more importantly, because it knows the rules, it can run full combat simulations precisely.
Kostadis Roussos: There's, like, no ambiguity.
Kostadis Roussos: So, if you go there and try it out, there's, like, there's a couple of, like, that you can actually… it's got some encounters where you can click and watch as it runs through the encounter.
Wade Brown: Seems pretty neat.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Neat, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I… I… like I said, it was… it was cute. I was, like…
Kostadis Roussos: And of course, it only supports the SRD rules, so it doesn't support all of the rules. And the other… but the other fun pun is that if you're into, like, the whole rules, like, is, like, the guy spent a lot of time trying to figure out what the rules were, and, you know, as a result, discovered, you know, ambiguities in the rules, and that, you know, conflicts…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, can you describe…
Gary Young: By those, it wouldn't be D&D.
Kostadis Roussos: Did anyone ever play with speed factor?
Wade Brown: Not me.
Kostadis Roussos: And if so, why?
Wade Brown: Because encumbrance wasn't boring enough? I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Encumbrance actually made sense in the original game, but it wasn't the game we play now. It was essentially a dungeon crawl exploration game.
Gary Young: Yeah, you should rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Also, you were expected to travel with a lot of mercenaries.
Gary Young: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you're expected to travel with MOOCs.
Gary Young: And then…
Kostadis Roussos: That's why creatures like the doppelganger existed.
Wade Brown: Alright, I think I actually got this working.
Wade Brown: Oh my god, it's raw HTML on this shit? Oh, God. D&D Beyond, no…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, mine was easy.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, I've just been spending all my time trying to get the dang staff transliterated into the game, or into the…
Wade Brown: UI…
Wade Brown: Yeah, sure enough, it is.
Gary Young: So, what is Dave's, status tonight?
Wade Brown: He is on a plane, I believe.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: And we were playing without him?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we have enough, we have quorum.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, I just want… we have quorum. We will… we will keep… he, he, he did not gain in level. He is, he is in, whatchamacallit?
Gary Young: Sucks to be in.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he… no, he… there was… this was con… there was conflict gold, so he didn't know what to do with it.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the pirate… the party is, I… Stefan, are you with us, or are you still going through your character?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, no, I'm here, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just, I didn't know if you were a bizarre.
Kostadis Roussos: Feel free to keep doing whatever you're doing, I just wanted to make sure…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: I just… I'm not questioning, I just want to make sure that we didn't, like, you were out of… you needed something or something. Alright, so when we last left our noble adventurers, they were at the Aspire Hold. The dragon was dead. Oh. And so then there was a question of, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Do I get any body parts?
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, we wanted to harvest the drone.
Gary Young: in the step.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's a dragonistic, yes.
Wade Brown: Yeah, you bet.
Gary Young: The dragon of the… dragon fight?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You killed the dragon.
Wade Brown: It's kind of anticlimactic.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not my fault you guys made your saving throws.
Wade Brown: And you didn't?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I didn't. Like, I'm sorry, I'll make sure to make the Dragonfights more memorable next time.
Wade Brown: It's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Gary Young: Felfine has a special ability to… okay, I missed that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, oh yeah, so you should look at your… did you guys look at the, I put some notes in your character… in the chat.
Wade Brown: I definitely saw mine.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, please look at yours.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I did. I added it to my character sheet.
Kostadis Roussos: My point to you is that your God is rewarding you for your actions.
Gary Young: Well, of course you did.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no. Like, for your… for your… he's rewarding… you gain the sense that your God is pleased with your new direction of Lathander's church.
Gary Young: Huh.
Gary Young: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: That he… that he, he senses something important, that you are now important in his mind.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I just want to be… be clear. Stefan, I just need to tell you something, since you did not change the backstory.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry was snookered by thistle, that's why some of these things are the way they were.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right. West Newcard by what?
Kostadis Roussos: Gary's previous character was a fairy that was a ranger and flew around a lot.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, okay, right.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, in the Storm of the Kings, Storm of the Last Kemp Adventure, the party went around stealing artifacts from all the various Uthgardian tribes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Gary Young: It was Kurt Trucks, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: It canonically, Thistle stole an artifact from what you were trying.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, got it.
Gary Young: And this missing artifact… And its disappearance when… Burberry was on guard.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, okay, so that's funny, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, anyway…
Gary Young: This one's deliberate.
Kostadis Roussos: So, this is why, when you saw the Goodberry.
Wade Brown: Heh…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I had a reaction.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so the important point
Kostadis Roussos: as Blueberry… so Brewberry, as he, as he, you know, has gotten, you know, suddenly feels like, you know, he's starting to realize the world… there's… there's lying in the world, and there's cheating in the world, and the world is not what it is, and there's, like, all these people using magical manipulations, trying to control him.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, as he does more of that, he gains more…
Kostadis Roussos: He gains more of power, so to speak.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, but since we… you inherited this character, if you don't like this, just tell me we can change it, alright?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, no, this is great, this is great.
Kostadis Roussos: It's just… I just… I just… I just…
Kostadis Roussos: I just wanted to make sure that, you know, just so you know what it is. So yeah, so he's… so the key insight behind Blueberry is that he got bamboozled by… he got kicked out of his tribe…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: When you were out, we decided… I had to do my best Stefan invitation.
Wade Brown: He did pretty alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And so… and so Brewberry declared that, you know, before he became… he didn't drink when he was a member… when he was a tribes mender, because the alcohol was really bad. But ever since he joined Civilization, he discovered wine and beer.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Of course he did.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so that… now he truly appreciates alcohol, and there's a funny moment where, you know, Valfin… Bookerdin asks him, so, he goes, you didn't drink? Yes, what a wasted youth.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And maybe at some point, you should require alcohol for some of these features.
Gary Young: There is some sort of, like, drunken monk class.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't love that.
Gary Young: meshes with where you're going with this character, but maybe there's.
Kostadis Roussos: I just said.
Wade Brown: He's some plaza Monk, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I just wanted… so I just wanted you to be aware of why these things are they are, so that you're not… so, like…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I figured it was something that I missed at some point.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's like you missed a lot. You missed a lot.
Kostadis Roussos: Missed the last two years. Right. Yeah, so… so that's the… that's the beguffin of,
Kostadis Roussos: Of, the Youth Guard Barbarian. We haven't figured out which tribe he is, but…
Kostadis Roussos: I could give you a bunch, and you can pick one if you want, if that becomes important to you. Sure. All right. Okay, so, dragon… dragon parts. Let me go do that.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so we're gonna need to roll some ability checks.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I just need to remember what the ability… how do we complete visibility checks?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright… Okay, so the ability check is Nature.
Wade Brown: Alright, I got advantage on that shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Wade Brown: Roll it?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you can roll it, but let me just roll it, and I will tell you what happens.
Wade Brown: Are you kidding me?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a 1.
Wade Brown: I'll roll a double 20.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Double crit on Advantage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I rolled an 18, not bad for a barbarian.
Wade Brown: This is not a time I wanted to spend to double crit, but I guess we just perfectly harvested that dragon.
Gary Young: We put him in a bathtub and Oregon harvested him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, well, since you get the double 20, I suppose we should do that.
Wade Brown: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: Normally.
Wade Brown: It's only 120 officially, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Kind of soap.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but it's a critical, so… alright.
Wade Brown: Yeah, they were natural 20s, so they're 22s with the bonus.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so it's 20, do you get any bonuses to that?
Kostadis Roussos: Was it plus 5? Well, it's…
Wade Brown: I… I have a… I rolled 20s, and I have a plus 2, so it's 22 overall, but they were natural 20s.
Wade Brown: And, you know, it's an event rule, so only one of them is in play. Obviously, the higher one, but it's hard to choose.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I think that if I gave this, you know, Vucradin would resign, so we… but that's… alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay. So, you get two things. When the word dragon is uttered, people to think of three things. Wings, scales, and breath. Located at the back of the black… of the dragon's throat is a basket-sized of magical liquids.
Kostadis Roussos: that the dragon naturally produces. While the licked and their resulting exaltation differ depending on the dragon, they all share the same destructive results.
Kostadis Roussos: Harvesting one of these.
Kostadis Roussos: Without rupturing them is almost as difficult as killing its host in the first place, but the result.
Wade Brown: I made it look easy.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Gary Young: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: This is a young adult. No, sorry, I'm looking at the wrong age. Sorry, sorry, alright.
Wade Brown: That's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, oh, in that case, we can't do that, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so when the word dragon is blah blah blah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you do get the dragon breath pouch. Basically, it's a one-time dragon breath pouch of a young white dragon.
Wade Brown: Oh, lord. Dragon Breath.
Gary Young: Ouch.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. It's also worth 1,675 gold pieces.
Wade Brown: Oh, you're putting that in?
Gary Young: 1,600 and what?
Kostadis Roussos: 75.
Wade Brown: I don't know, a pouch of, you know.
Wade Brown: Breeze Frost, or whatever it was.
Gary Young: And is that a single use, or is that…
Wade Brown: Thingly.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a single use, yes.
Gary Young: Single use.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it's, like, a lot of damage, right? For a young dragon?
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Wade Brown: It's a get-out-of-jail-free card.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep. It's basically a very powerful fireball.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The scales of the young dragon. Some of these scales are still supple, flexible plates from their wormling gears, particularly if they have not had many chances to molt. Getting them is easier said than done, however, as not only one must kill a dragon first, they must also manage to find and safely detach the
Kostadis Roussos: Right scales needed to interlock into a functioning set of armor.
Wade Brown: Oh, I did that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that's 1,600… that's also 1,675 gold pieces.
Wade Brown: Golden, call it a, you know.
Wade Brown: Put Boogerdin up in his studio and run.
Gary Young: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, there, there, those are… So that, that it can be turned into dragon scale mail.
Gary Young: Dragon scale mouse sounds good.
Wade Brown: to the Ascension Kit.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: They're sensitive.
Wade Brown: No, if Dave were here, you guys wouldn't know.
Wade Brown: It's a NetHack reference.
Gary Young: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Gary Young: I feel so bad.
Kostadis Roussos: That I don't know these things.
Wade Brown: Play Mornet Hack.
Gary Young: Although, I… Wasn't a Black Dragon that's better than…
Wade Brown: It depends on what you're, you usually want silver for a reflect, but if you have a shield, then you want, gray for magic resist.
Wade Brown: Yes, silver and gray are distinct.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Wade Brown: This is why I'm unemployable.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, you're not.
Kostadis Roussos: That's, that's the way you're.
Wade Brown: My brain sits around memorizing.
Gary Young: It has been too long since I've done that hack.
Gary Young: Maybe we should get back into it.
Wade Brown: You gotta get through Chrono Trigger first, and Baldur's Gate before that.
Gary Young: Yeah, I guess that's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sorry, I was actually mistaken. The magic item is a little bit cooler than it was. It's not a one-time-one type thing.
Wade Brown: Oh, lord.
Kostadis Roussos: So let me just,
Kostadis Roussos: You did get the, the, the, the, you did… this is kind of like the… the…
Kostadis Roussos: Did I? Okay, hold on. I got… I can't… don't want to screw it up again, because I do screw these things up.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm,
Kostadis Roussos: Femin's… Wrath, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Dragon's Room.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so here's what it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you can actually… so you can use it either as a one-time thing, or you can attempt to craft this. Sorry, I should have been more specific.
Kostadis Roussos: Can be… you can try to… I'll put it in the Discord, because this is just too much text for me.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, okay.
Gary Young: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's a… I have to figure out what the crafting rules for it, but .
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: This would be…
Gary Young: public.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe…
Gary Young: Just once per 1D4 hours.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so if you're willing to spend 20,000 gold pieces, you can turn it into this wondrous item.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 20,000 gold pieces.
Wade Brown: Oh, we can craft it into that, I see. Crafted by Dragon's Breath Pouch, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Otherwise, you can use it as a one-time thing.
Wade Brown: So we can either get, like, $1,600 for it, or we can spend 20 gig large, or, yeah, I don't.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And that'd be a pretty.
Gary Young: And this is, we have the adult-sized one?
Kostadis Roussos: The young adult. Young adult. Young adult.
Gary Young: I said, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I think it's got, I think, oh, sorry, rare, 2,000 gold beasts. It's not very rare. The guy who… there's a typo in the documentation.
Kostadis Roussos: Because, it put very rare yips to young dragon, rather than adult dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 2,000 copies.
Gary Young: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Another one is, right?
Gary Young: And that's… that's worth it.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Okay, so that's what you were able to extract from the dragon.
Wade Brown: Pretty good with that.
Gary Young: And are there details about, like, crafting the skills and the skill armor?
Kostadis Roussos: to find out armor. Turns out that, you know, there is an armor. Crafting armor… dragon armor is not as complicated.
Gary Young: But let me just check it.
Kostadis Roussos: You just need a blacksmith.
Kostadis Roussos: And I just need to find out what Dragon Scale Armor is like. Dragonscale Armor Edition.
Gary Young: I have that here, just a second.
Gary Young: It is, armor, skill mill…
Kostadis Roussos: It's very rare.
Kostadis Roussos: That would be in the 20,000 gold piece range.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gary Young: Yeah, so this is medium armor… AC15.
Kostadis Roussos: It also has other abilities, I think.
Gary Young: Medium is, barbarian suitable, right?
Kostadis Roussos: That's…
Kostadis Roussos: So you also get a saving… you get, a saving… since it's from a white dragon, you would get advantage on saving throws against…
Kostadis Roussos: Breath weapons of dragons, and you have resistance to cold damage.
Gary Young: Yeah, that'd be really good for blueberry.
Kostadis Roussos: And additionally, you can focus your senses as a magic action to discern the distance and direction to the closest white dragon within 30 miles of yourself.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Wow.
Gary Young: And so, what is their cost for doing that crafting?
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you.
Gary Young: Does that really cost 20 grand?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a very rare item, and so, yeah.
Gary Young: He's put…
Kostadis Roussos: it at $20,000. But, you know, this is a starting point. Negotiations, deals, trades, quests, activities.
Kostadis Roussos: Can be used to reduce… to reduce the bus.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Solid to a blacksmith and get a discount.
Kostadis Roussos: There's always some very… there's, you know, don't forget, you have all those items that you have found, perhaps you could return them for rewards.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gary Young: We have 700 gold.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I realize that.
Kostadis Roussos: Booker didn't they decide that the 16… Booker didn't made that the 1,600 gold pieces divided by 4 is worth more.
Wade Brown: You may get tempted.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So you managed to take the, treasure. So, the next… what the next… so what… what… where does our party… where do the things hold? One is that you definitely got the subtext from
Kostadis Roussos: Sir Kaelin, that, you're needed back in Phandalin because the Emerald Enclave… things are going down with the Emerald Enclave.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, so I think the…
Kostadis Roussos: The other…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Last time we decided we would go first to Fandalin before we go to Neverwinter, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, so that… so that would be…
Wade Brown: There was much debate on that, but yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Some light railroading was applied.
Gary Young: Yeah, something.
Wade Brown: light.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to be clear, consequences. I…
Wade Brown: I'm not complaining.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm saying.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Consequences. Alright. So, okay, so this is 30 miles. Alright, so the fastest path, it's gonna be a 2-day journey.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so we assume it all rest, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. Do you go through… so the question is, do you go through the Mountain Toes Gold Mine, or do you head straight?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Wade Brown: So we… probably have a reason to stop by and see Don Juan DeMarco, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Don Juan's dead, remember?
Wade Brown: Oh, right, goddamn.
Wade Brown: We still have, you know…
Gary Young: see our dwarven slaves.
Wade Brown: some gold while we're there? I don't know, like…
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Wade Brown: I wouldn't mind checking in on our gold mine.
Kostadis Roussos: wouldn't mind, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Strictly, as Rukund says, strictly speaking, it's his gold mine.
Wade Brown: Sure. And Boney is my horse, so, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you still have the horse? I just want to make sure, like.
Wade Brown: Yeah! Boney's bonded to me! You said that you were gonna get him, you know, combat stats at some point.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, oh, right, right, right, right, right. So, there's this rule called sidekicks.
Wade Brown: Shit.
Wade Brown: Who got us a Wallace again.
Gary Young: How many sidekicks do we have so far?
Kostadis Roussos: You only have one right now.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't think they.
Wade Brown: Guys that we, you know, tie up in camp, basically.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, I think Valfinia needs to be explained what the word a sidekick means.
Kostadis Roussos: I think she was missing.
Gary Young: Because Sister Kayla is a fantastic… I need an assassin sidekick as a cleric, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I think you can… Add it to your character sheet, if you go to Extras.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Manage your extras, you can choose sidekick.
Kostadis Roussos: So yes, you can create a martial sidekick.
Kostadis Roussos: This would be clearly… Not… either a warrior sidekick, or a…
Kostadis Roussos: I think Warrior Sidekick is the… You could look at that.
Gary Young: that's on D&D Beyond.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I… Yeah, if you go… if you look in D&E… hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Two guys here.
Wade Brown: Be Warrior, for sure.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go, sidekicks.
Kostadis Roussos: There may be other side… they kind of expanded Sidekicks to include lots of other variations, but I, you know, I don't… I'm a big fan, and just let's keep it simple.
Wade Brown: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: But if you guys… if you… if you… if you find something that appeals to you, by all means.
Wade Brown: I'll dig into it, too. I need to figure it out.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: I just want the bone horse, I want him to die and come back over and over and over again, because, you know, he's just a bone horse.
Wade Brown: As far as I'm… he's immortal, right? Like, he doesn't have death saves or anything, I assume he just gets, like, zonked for…
Wade Brown: Yeah, a little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: is, Bony.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he's bony. He's a skeleton.
Kostadis Roussos: He gets… if he dies, he comes back the next day, not… not right away.
Wade Brown: That's what I want. I want to be part Necro at this point.
Wade Brown: But only for animals, because, you know, nature.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Little pet cemetery going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, that's kind of starting to creep me out, but funny.
Gary Young: When I look at the Sidekick thing, it says… 11th level and higher?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, let's worry about that when we get to 11th level.
Gary Young: Okay. Alright, so it's not a sidekick.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it is a sidekick.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it says, like, didn't I… did the link I not give you?
Gary Young: Maybe I clicked the wrong one.
Wade Brown: It just says Warriors at the bottom, at the very bottom.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so, oh, okay, sorry, this was not the right link. Sorry, my bad. This is the simplified link for…
Kostadis Roussos: Why do these people do this to me? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I will, if you click on the first thing… oh, there we go, this is the one I wanted.
Gary Young: I see.
Kostadis Roussos: This is the one. I cooked… I gave you the,
Kostadis Roussos: Search doesn't work on D&D Beyond. Here we go. This is what I'm looking for.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so… So it has… do you see how it works?
Kostadis Roussos: the, the new, the new Tasha's, thing.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: It's to deal with parties that acquire pets, and they want them to come along.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? Okay, so you arrive at Mountain Toes Gold Mind.
Kostadis Roussos: And, once you arrive at the bovine, let's see if something happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you arrive at the gold mine, and there is, in fact, the were-rats are sitting outside guarding everything.
Kostadis Roussos: As… as you sort of expected. They are, you know, Looking good.
Gary Young: Very…
Kostadis Roussos: So there's, the Whiskered Gang and Zelene Vernaster.
Kostadis Roussos: Is currently very happy to be there. They're like, you know, they see you, they go, Hey, boss!
Kostadis Roussos: What's up?
Gary Young: Are you working hard today?
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean, are we working hard today?
Gary Young: Are you keeping the dwarves in their place?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… the boss, he, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you intimidate him, or do you just deliver it flatly?
Gary Young: flat, like…
Kostadis Roussos: That actually causes him to panic.
Wade Brown: Oh, boy. Now we're nervous.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they've been working really hard. I promise you, boss, they've been working really, really hard.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: They're dwarves, and they're mining. How could they not be hardworking?
Kostadis Roussos: You too, boss. Yeah, I mean, like, totally, this is.
Gary Young: This is… Lathander won't be pleased.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: They got their cheese delivery.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Unfortunately, just as he says that.
Kostadis Roussos: Unfortunately, as he, as he says that, roll an insight or investigation check.
Gary Young: That I can do.
Kostadis Roussos: Any one of you.
Gary Young: Well.
Wade Brown: I got a 22.
Gary Young: I've got a natural 1. Natural 1 plus 10.
Wade Brown: We're still on the, the, dragon fight on the map.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, sorry, let me put you on the right map then. Sorry, my bad.
Wade Brown: That's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: To the world map.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, you notice that,
Kostadis Roussos: Nobody… you notice that there is no sounds of mining going on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, where are the tools?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We need to…
Kostadis Roussos: It's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We need to talk to the dwarves.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you want… do you want… do you barge right in? Like, you know, you're done with this… these… this… the bureaucrats, you know?
Kostadis Roussos: Charge right in.
Gary Young: I think that would be appropriate.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but it's all mine, isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just asking what, like, I mean, you might want to carefully reason through it, have a thoughtful discussion.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Let's go to the dwarves.
Gary Young: For our minions, I mean, like, they're here to do our bidding.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I'm just asking.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so inside… Hold on, I had that opened right here.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Wade Brown: Oh, pardon.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the… they're… they're on strike.
Wade Brown: Dammit.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Gary Young: Dwarves are on strike.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, apparently…
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently.
Wade Brown: They won't work for cheap.
Kostadis Roussos: Foreman, Dwall in the grout.
Gary Young: Doubt.
Kostadis Roussos: Stone Tallow.
Kostadis Roussos: is convinced that, you know, that the mining operations cannot proceed until a particular earth elemental gem is found, to bless the Newtown.
Kostadis Roussos: He explains, He approaches Vukrudin, or the three of you, and he says, look, you have to understand, Gold.
Kostadis Roussos: A gold VIN is shy and must be treated with absolute respect. If you don't, like, treat it with the respect, it doesn't come out.
Gary Young: Defer where we're at?
Gary Young: People, do they come with us?
Kostadis Roussos: You've barged right past them, they're choosing to stay outside.
Gary Young: Okay, I think we could walk back out.
Gary Young: Say, you, come in, come with me.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Disconnect.
Gary Young: This can be an intimidative Eebe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, let me, let me get the, the map.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What is wrong with those tools? I mean, what happened to Rock and Stone?
Wade Brown: I thought you couldn't stop them from mining, usually.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, apparently, Stone Tallow believes that, you know, there's a… like, if you just start digging, you won't find the right gold. It'll just, like, hide.
Wade Brown: Holder's gold.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'd wear. Just, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… you can ask the other dwarf, Haria, who's the leader there, whether she has any opinions about this.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes? I mean, do the other duels agree with his opinion, or is it just a, let's remove him problem?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well, apparently he's the foreman, so he's the guy who knows, like, the most about, like, where to mine.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Apparently he doesn't.
Kostadis Roussos: Haria explains, well, Look, guys…
Kostadis Roussos: Dwelin is the best seeker of gold I have ever known.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He is a… and he's got his little rituals, and his little gimmicks, and his little things, and if you don't.
Wade Brown: Water Witch for Gold?
Kostadis Roussos: I… I… I… I… you know, it's one of those things where he's… he's… he's gotta have his little… his little trinket. Now, I do have a solution for this.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Wade Brown: Go.
Kostadis Roussos: If you're willing… let's just step outside.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe one of you want to distract Darwin, you know, start, you know, talk to him, like…
Wade Brown: Leave… leave Bucherton behind.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Vucrative…
Gary Young: I still need to deal with this were-rat who lied to us, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, thank you.
Gary Young: Make sure he understands that you should not be lying to us.
Kostadis Roussos: Truecase. Okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so the were-rats are actually intimidated by you, because, you know, you're a drow who doesn't… who's a little flyer called a thunder.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary Young: I'm going to cast my Daylight Spell.
Gary Young: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, everybody's eyes… everybody's eyes kind of hurt. It's all bright and sunny.
Gary Young: Like, an advantage on Tim Day now.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, I mean, you are intimidating, you don't have to roll for, like, you've intimidated him.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, the deadpan… I ruled the deadpen delivery intimidated me.
Gary Young: Are these… are these dwarves mining?
Kostadis Roussos: Are these dwarves mining?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you like, I'm… I'm… well, I mean…
Gary Young: Did you tell me that these dwarves are mining? Are these dwarves mining?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes,
Kostadis Roussos: See, I'm not an expert in mining, and I was told by… he points to Harris.
Kostadis Roussos: By her, that this is part of the mining process.
Gary Young: Is there, like, a minecart?
Gary Young: Is there a minecart here?
Kostadis Roussos: There could be, let's just say there is, I mean…
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: I want to go look in the minecart. Is there gold in the minecart?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so do you walk to the wine cart, right? Is that…
Gary Young: Yeah, you're lucky.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so.
Gary Young: Is there gold in this minecart?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks into it and says,
Kostadis Roussos: No, but Darwin says that we need the Earthstone Gem before we can get the gold.
Wade Brown: So, so he's.
Gary Young: And have you gotten this earth stone gem for the… for the dwarfs?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a stunned silence. Boss, we're paid to protect the mine, not to go on fetch quests.
Wade Brown: Quests are a staple of this universe.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: The only reason you're protecting the mine is because the mine is useful to us to acquire gold. If the mine is not producing gold, then you're not doing your job.
Gary Young: Yes. The purpose of the Maya is to produce gold.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, cool. So there's this, like, moment where he's confused, and he's going.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so what does that mean?
Kostadis Roussos: like, so we can stay here then, right? Because you don't need the mine, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It means…
Gary Young: goal.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Pull your fingers out of your rat's ass, and do whatever is necessary for the dwarves to be happy miners. We want to hear pecacs.
Gary Young: go.
Gary Young: Andrew T's business goal.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll… roll some intimidations here.
Wade Brown: There's some KPIs that need to be measured, huh?
Gary Young: pluck.
Kostadis Roussos: And then…
Gary Young: Sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Not very impressive.
Gary Young: Well, that's not working. Can I have an… can I have, Advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: see if somebody can help you.
Gary Young: I don't know, who's helping me?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll help you.
Wade Brown: Soma's not joining in on the intimidation.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's fair.
Gary Young: Looks like blueberry's helping.
Gary Young: Or maybe I'm helping for Perry.
Kostadis Roussos: You're helping Brewberry? Alright, so… What did you roll?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I rolled a 12. Oh, an 8 plus 4.
Kostadis Roussos: You, you rate it, rolled a 12.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, but that was before we decided that I would get advantage if he's helping me.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so roll for advantage. Advantage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I'll… I'll do another roll then.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Since I've already done one.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, that's much better.
Wade Brown: One better!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he goes… The way right through.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, boss, I mean, I think you make an excellent point. I think you're making an excellent point, but, like, I mean to be rude, but to get this gem, we have to go into the forest where the orcs are, and this is more of a…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is that any of my problems.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Am I getting paid with fees to, you know, make sure that the mine is productive?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What am I paying you for?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: If all you do is eat the cheese, and the mine is not producing gold, then I'm wasting my cheese, aren't I?
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, So let me…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, a waste of cheese. That's what you are.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Unless you go into the forest, find the gem, get the bloody dwarves to mine.
Wade Brown: Jeez.
Kostadis Roussos: I…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is that how you want to be remembered. Jesus.
Wade Brown: Nope.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We're at Offsprings.
Gary Young: We lost her mic, sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, my… my dad was a waste of time.
Gary Young: I think we lost your mic.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, that's funny.
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't said any… I heard him. I hear him.
Gary Young: Ugh.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright, so, I'm sorry, I mean, that is, that is an inspired moment. Give yourself an inspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: That was inspired. Alright, the.
Gary Young: Okay, hold on, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: the, the… the… what's his name? Zelene goes, you know what?
Kostadis Roussos: I think, I think you make an excellent point, Mr, .
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Boss is the name that you use.
Kostadis Roussos: Mr. Boss. Yeah. Mr. Boss. Mr. Boss.
Kostadis Roussos: And I think he kind of nods over there to several of the wereats. They can go find the emerald gem. I think that's totally within, you know, contractual obligations.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, the how is of no concern to me.
Kostadis Roussos: I think we could… I think we could… we could… we could make that happen, Mr, Mr. Boss. Mr. Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So we both agree you get the what and the why, and you're gonna get it done. Yes, yes. When being right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he goes… he kind of, like, you know, does that thing from, like, admiral Piet in Empire Strikes Back after they're collecting Admiral Ozil's body.
Kostadis Roussos: Points to… he turns around and points to several, you, you, go! Why are you here? You heard what the boss said. Go get the emerald!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, and I'm, like, with my halberd in my hand, tapping it in my hand, and that means chop, chop.
Kostadis Roussos: That's absolute…
Kostadis Roussos: He screams at them that they haven't even done it yet. I assure you, Mr. Boss, this is completely taken care of.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so you keep the gold rolling, we'll keep the cheese rolling, and we'll both be friends forever.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Now, let's talk to that… that other dwarf who had a solution for this. Make sure that the solution is what we just prescribed to those were-rats.
Kostadis Roussos: She's kind of, like, going,
Kostadis Roussos: I was gonna propose you give me some money so I can go buy a fake gem, but you know what? Your solution is way better, man.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's true.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Let's call… let's call the fake gem Plan B, and…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: in case the were-rats, you know, fail, which I have high expectation of them failing.
Wade Brown: They're just rats.
Kostadis Roussos: So she goes, yeah, I think I, you know, like, yeah, so if you just give me, like, I don't know, some 50 gold pieces, I think I could secure the right kind of fake gem that would convince Dwallinn that, you know, he's got what he needs. He's very weird. He really needs those things. But… but I have to tell…
Kostadis Roussos: Did you just…
Wade Brown: Oh, Gary can't hear us.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, let me just check,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, did you try to intimidate again?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Timmy did who?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you just roll Intimidation? The, the… Or did that…
Wade Brown: That's the old role.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sorry.
Wade Brown: That was… that was the… the one that Gary helped him with when he gained advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So Horia, let me just bring Horia over there.
Gary Young: I'm backed up.
Wade Brown: Okay, excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Or is like, well, for 50 gold pieces, I can assure you that we can make this happen.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You want gold. You… you're working a gold mine.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but, like, to work the gold mine, I have to dig the gold mine.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You see the irony of what you're just saying, right? Yeah.
Wade Brown: Just skim a little.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Exactly, get him distracted, you know, ask him to go take a shower by the river or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: She causes…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: and says, wait, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: According… look, I'm a big believer in contractual obligations and procedures and rules.
Kostadis Roussos: And if you'll notice that we have a no-skimming clause that Mr. Bucherton insisted we put in.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How about the Barbarian in your face cause?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Did you read that in your contract?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I'm perfectly happy to have an addendum signed by Mr. Brewberry. Thumbprints.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, I'm out of ink. How about I draw a little blood from you, so we can sign that addendum?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes… I, I think, I think, I think, I think we could assume that the addendum is signed.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And she pauses, and she kind of…
Kostadis Roussos: tries to lean down to whisper, but then realizes that she's leaning down to your toe, because you're 7 foot tall, and she's, like, 3 foot tall. She kind of…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, let's shake on it. So while the Rare Rats work on Plan A, you work on Plan B.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so Jorgeo says, so, here's the deal.
Kostadis Roussos: I think, according to the brewberry addendum, the 50 gold pieces that will be moved around are totally within the contractual obligations, and we will not be pursued for any missing funds.
Wade Brown: It's a one-time fee, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm a barbarian, but I can count.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I am a stickler for procedures and rules.
Kostadis Roussos: And then she pauses as she sees Vukra did over there. And I do suggest we keep this little addendum between ourselves.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah. Yeah, let's do that.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, I don't think Mr. Rukradin would be, open to these kinds of negotiations.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What do you mean? It's honest work. You're, you know, using gold from the gold mine to buy a fake gem so that we can mine more gold.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure, but just for humor, just can you… she's a good someone.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Remember, this is Plan B.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: works, the 50 gold mines are put back into the pot.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, Mr. Bossman, that's me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, alright, sounds like a plan. Alright, okay.
Gary Young: By the way, we need to roll… we need to add a D4 to that intimidate check.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, he's successfully intimidated, so we don't need to do that this time.
Gary Young: Sure.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Buy an additional default?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, because he has his new special ability.
Wade Brown: explainer.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's why, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: His, his, free bless… his three fleet, free blesses.
Gary Young: It's a lot.
Wade Brown: All of us can add a D4 to it, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so he can use it bless.
Kostadis Roussos: Inc.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's basically a bless. You bless up to 3 creatures within range. Whenever a target makes an attack roll or saving throw before the spell ends, the target adds 1d4 to the attack roll or save.
Gary Young: Ow.
Wade Brown: Oh, a bottle.
Gary Young: for 10 minutes.
Gary Young: Or until you use this feature again.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, to add a different set of group people.
Kostadis Roussos: So suppose you wanted to… right, suppose you were with a group of 5, you had 5 people in your party, and you only could use it with 3, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary Young: So it lasts… And definitely, or it lasts 10 minutes.
Kostadis Roussos: 10 minutes.
Gary Young: Plus 10 minutes. Okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So for Bless, Bless lasts 1 minute.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: And if you want to do more than 3 people.
Kostadis Roussos: You would have to be… you burn higher level slots.
Gary Young: Okay, alright, alright.
Wade Brown: Right, so this… Party-wide 10-minute plus, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a 10 party-wide, 10 minute plus.
Gary Young: Okay, sorry, just wanted to make sure I do this right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we can add bars.
Wade Brown: inspiration for 1D8.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so yeah, so it's a… it's a plus… it's basically a blessed spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but the party has to be friendly, right? If we're not sure, we'll roll, you know… I mean, no, Vickerton is friends with everybody, so this is really about the rest of you.
Wade Brown: He wants to be friends with everybody.
Kostadis Roussos: I spent a lot of time trying to understand Vukradin. Vukradin is genuinely naive.
Wade Brown: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: The essence…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: paired with this.
Kostadis Roussos: Terrachute.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is it?
Kostadis Roussos: good, naive person. He assumes, like, he's… the naivete is absolute.
Gary Young: I feel everyone's at peace with me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well… Yes, until you offer, you know, training rituals for people who want to torture people.
Gary Young: they're not stabbing me with poison daggers? I mean, like, that's at peace.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, it could be, Honda's Gold too, right?
Gary Young: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, after you collect… oh, and since you've made through this quest, I do actually… I spent some time trying to figure out how much money you guys will be making from this.
Kostadis Roussos: So, if somebody could make a note…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: I did, I took… I took some notes on this one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, okay, so I now… okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he… it's go… it's going to be,
Kostadis Roussos: So, next time you come by, I'll tell you how much money it is. It's… Dwelin is very, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: So everybody's very happy with the data and the paperwork.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: The TPS reports have been filed correctly.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, and so, like, within a few days, the wereats promise that everything will be taken care of, you know, like, it will all be…
Kostadis Roussos: It will all be handled.
Wade Brown: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Excellent.
Wade Brown: And no bloodshot.
Gary Young: We will not… These, concrete, you know, overshoes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you arrive in Endelin.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, we won't have time to play the whole encounter, but that's fine, we'll… we will do that next week.
Kostadis Roussos: This week was a…
Gary Young: There's an encounter in Fenderland.
Gary Young: What?
Kostadis Roussos: No, there's the whole Emerald Enclave.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Situation.
Wade Brown: the Emerald Enclave is the situation.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it's gonna get interesting, hopefully.
Wade Brown: They're siding with, like, the demons, like…
Gary Young: No.
Kostadis Roussos: No, they're not.
Wade Brown: Wow.
Wade Brown: They're in a.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm fa… So, faxes are.
Wade Brown: Yes, there's parts of them that are.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you arrive in Fandelin, so you should be seeing Fandelin right now?
Wade Brown: We do.
Gary Young: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And,
Kostadis Roussos: I presume you, your arrival, as you walk into town, there's, like, people step outside and cheer, you know, there's, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Go team, go, kind of thing.
Wade Brown: like us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, no, the, the Smithy, the, Barthen's provisions, you know, there's a few of the kids are out, like, you know, high-fiving you.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, like, the…
Gary Young: We brought the dragon parts as evidence, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, right.
Gary Young: Because they wanted us to kill the dragon, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so Harbin goes, this is exactly why we needed a privy council with the extraordinary talents of Mr. Vucrodin.
Wade Brown: Do we let him take credit, that cute little guy?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: over.
Kostadis Roussos: And without… I just cannot stress enough how with his undefatigable support and his management to lead this group of heroic adventures, the threat of dragons has abated.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: There's, like, you know, polite applause, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, without any further ado, Spider-Man, I think we should, we should absolutely throw a wonderful festival today in the town green to celebrate today's events, and to make a festival it.
Kostadis Roussos: a festival that Spider-Man agrees, and so, you know, there's, like, immediately, like, people start… he says, we will, you know, start this, like… he calls out to some help, and there's, like, they're starting to put together a whole, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Party area on the town green.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is there, free beverages?
Wade Brown: liability.
Wade Brown: will be present.
Kostadis Roussos: Spider-man, Spider-Man says, for you, Brewberry, since you saved the town.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna bring out the good stuff.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, please do.
Wade Brown: Don't put his drinks on the house, or, you know…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Finally.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I always gave you the good stuff. This is the very good stuff, and blueberry, I only have 2 barrels, so you're just gonna have to, like, remember that.
Gary Young: Yeah, it's not magic one, is it? It's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bye.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Regular one.
Kostadis Roussos: It's just regular wine, but it's, you know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Especially…
Kostadis Roussos: It's… I'm very proud of it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll be the judge of that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so while that's going on, Sir Kaelin approaches you.
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes, oh, the heroes of… the heroes of Phandalin! He, like, you know, says, Vukrudin, our associate member of the Lord's Alliance, and his wondrous friends, Blueberry Somala…
Kostadis Roussos: Balafide!
Kostadis Roussos: of the Cult of La Thunder.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Meanwhile, you're too…
Gary Young: That's a plotter. Cult.
Gary Young: We'll keep with that, that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: I… I'm sorry, like, the word cult is… is… is what…
Kostadis Roussos: polytheistic religions refer to themselves. They were… they were called cults.
Gary Young: That's fine. We were gonna do the, the parade of self-flagellation here in a minute anyway, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Bruce and dialogue.
Gary Young: That's fucked.
Kostadis Roussos: Britton, I really are.
Wade Brown: Reddit.
Kostadis Roussos: When they hear you here show up, and, you know, they're very excited, and they're going, oh, the glorious blinding pain!
Gary Young: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, they're, like, ecstatic, like, do you encourage them, or…
Gary Young: Oh, yes.
Wade Brown: Isn't you?
Kostadis Roussos: Like, what I'm trying to say is they're really, like, sort of, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Sir Kaelin says, I, Soma, we must speak urgently.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you…
Wade Brown: Is this about a Dabra?
Kostadis Roussos: It's about the Emerald Enclave.
Wade Brown: So, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He says, Adabra has called a conclave of the druids of the area.
Wade Brown: Has she? Yes. What is she planning? Is she trying to bring them all to her side?
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps we should go to a private location to chat. Bring your friends as well, I just don't want everyone to be hearing that there may be spies.
Wade Brown: Give them time to set up the, yeah, the festivities, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So everybody who can wants to conjoin. This is not trying to be…
Kostadis Roussos: do anything harm, he just doesn't want to have a public conversation, so…
Wade Brown: It's, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You can go and use the temple if you want, for example.
Gary Young: Sure.
Gary Young: My loyal followers are discreet.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know…
Wade Brown: They're taking sacraments right now.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gary Young: They're, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Fine. I can't seem to… I think I…
Kostadis Roussos: I think I, hit the… I hit a bug in their UI render.
Kostadis Roussos: How hard can it possibly be to do, like, features in the system now that you have caught? Like, seriously.
Kostadis Roussos: It should be, like, cranking out features a lot faster.
Wade Brown: You forget that management exists, and management will retard anything.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I was trying to say without saying it, so thank you for saying that.
Kostadis Roussos: Good… You know, all management is…
Kostadis Roussos: Tips of management is to slow things down.
Wade Brown: Partner always said, managers are like assholes, all they can really do is hold shit in, and if you piss them off, they, dump it all on you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so Sir Kaelin, you are at the, at the Temple of the Fallon, the Thander, the searing pain of justice. Sir Kaelin explains urgently that Adabra has found out about what really happened at the Whispering Grove.
Kostadis Roussos: That would…
Wade Brown: a…
Kostadis Roussos: That was where you guys killed the treant?
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And Buchar didn't lied to her.
Wade Brown: Yeah… yeah, bookended.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so, so he goes, she has decided, she has gone with her allies and is going to attempt to convince the Druids that, that, that your reckless interventionism has brought harm to the forests.
Kostadis Roussos: Home to the forests.
Wade Brown: It's the naturalists that have brought harm, she knows that.
Kostadis Roussos: So she probably says, I agree with you, but you must attend… you… you've… he looks at your, staff.
Kostadis Roussos: I am told that this is some magical staff of some symbolism and power amongst the druids in the area.
Gary Young: Yep.
Wade Brown: Well, I don't know, like, I don't know specifically about in the area, but it's got some good stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I don't know, I was told by my friends in the council… among the Druids.
Wade Brown: Yeah. I'm starting to suspect that Adabra isn't part of this realm, and her and her kind are.
Kostadis Roussos: I…
Wade Brown: Nothing else.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, so, my dear boy, my, my dear Torval, and you're, you're wise, you're wise, and, and Adabra is not an evil person, but she is a mis… she is a person who believes that she's…
Kostadis Roussos: How shall I explain this? She's confused. She… she sees the harm that was caused by those who defended against the dragons, and thinks that the problem was that the defenders against the dragons were the problem, not the dragons.
Kostadis Roussos: She sees the… Planar incursions as…
Kostadis Roussos: Not the symptoms, because she never experienced those symptoms. She experienced the consequences of war.
Wade Brown: Yeah, she's bringing her own war out here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so she's not evil, she's just misguided, and unfortunately, in her misguided passion, she's managed to acquire enough of a group, and I worry that there may be consequences for you personally, and for the community as a whole. The Lord's Alliance and the Lord's Alliance,
Kostadis Roussos: would… doesn't want to intervene, and the Order of the Gauntlet, although we would like to intervene, cannot, because, well, the War of the Dragons, and then…
Kostadis Roussos: the War of the Giants, and then the war…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's just say there's fewer of us to go around these days.
Wade Brown: It's all on us, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, you're standing, and apparently your standing with that staff might be able to dip the balance. I've also heard rumors…
Wade Brown: Standing with the druids, I'm barely a druid myself!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but apparently this staff is… I don't… look, look, druids have rituals and beliefs that I, as a… as a… as a… as a… as a man of sword and action, don't always understand.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so you, you must go and, and, and talk to them. She turns to Vukrid tonight. Perhaps you, with your silver tongue, can, can help with this, but, but we are… this… it's imperative. I worry that if… if, if, what's her name?
Wade Brown: the intervention… or the naturalists.
Kostadis Roussos: sees are able to convince the Druids, the local Druids, that whatever evil forces have produced
Kostadis Roussos: These incursions will now lose a powerful ally for us to defend the communities.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we need all the allies we can get.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so we'll start with that next week.
Wade Brown: Yep.
Wade Brown: Sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so yes. Sorry, should have added one more thing. He goes, I've heard rumors that some… then he goes, the only caution I give you, Soba, is that
Kostadis Roussos: There are some there who have suggested that they should even evaluate whether you should retain the staff.
Wade Brown: They're… not taking it from me. This has at least sentimental value.
Kostadis Roussos: But he goes, I did not want to… I agree with you, a stat, that no order can take my sword. He pats his sword, you know.
Wade Brown: Little barbaric, but yeah, I get ya.
Kostadis Roussos: He pats the sword. A man's sword! A man's sword! I don't know what… I have been told that stabs with druids are like a fighter's sword, or a barbarian's… is that a halberd?
Wade Brown: Big, steppy, pokey thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Because that is a very fine halberd, brewberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, it is.
Kostadis Roussos: We should parry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You don't want to have a conversation with it, trust me.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't… I can see why not. I can see why not. Alright. Okay, so yes, there's that also subtext. Alright, guys.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: See you guys next week.
Kostadis Roussos: See you next week.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Thanks.